.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH YAMDI 1 "February 26, 2011"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
yamdi \- yet another metadata injector (flv)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yamdi
\-i input file [\-x xml file | \-o output file [\-x xml file]] [-t temporary file] [\-c creator] [\-a interval] [\-skMXw] [\-h]
.SH DESCRIPTION
yamdi stands for Yet Another MetaData Injector and is a metadata injector for FLV files. It adds the onMetaData event to your FLV files.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-i
The source FLV file. If the file name is '-' the input file will be read from stdin. Use the -t option to specify a temporary file.
.TP
.B \-o
The resulting FLV file with the metatags. If the output file is '-' the FLV file will be written to stdout.
.TP
.B \-x
An XML file with the resulting metadata information. If the output file is ommited, only metadata will be generated.
.TP
.B \-t
A temporary file to store the source FLV file in if the input file is read from stdin.
.TP
.B \-c
A string that will be written into the creator tag.
.TP
.B \-s, -l
Add the onLastSecond event.
The -l option is deprecated and will be removed in a future version.
.TP
.B \-k
Add the onLastKeyframe event.
.TP
.B \-M
Strip all metadata from the FLV. The -s and -k options will be ignored.
.TP
.B \-m
Leave the existing metadata intact. Metadata that yamdi does not add is left untouched, e.g. onCuepoint, onCaptionInfo.
.TP
.B \-X
Omit the keyframes tag in the XML output.
.TP
.B \-a
Time in milliseconds between keyframes if there is only audio. This option will be ignored if there is a video stream. No keyframes will be added if this option is omitted.
.TP
.B \-w
Replace the input file with the output file. -i and -o are required to be different files otherwise this option will be ignored.
.TP
.B \-h
Show summary of options.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B yamdi
exits 0 on success, and >0 if an error occurs.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR http://yamdi.sourceforge.net/
.br
.SH AUTHOR
yamdi was written by Ingo Oppermann
.PP
This manual page was written by Todd Troxell <ttroxell@debian.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others). Updated by Ingo Oppermann
